# webportfolio

This website is meant to be a draft "mock website" of a student resource directory for Pitt students. There are a lot of websites and a lot of different resources, but because there isn't a single directory to streamline communication, many students are unaware of all the resources accessible to them at Pitt. By creating a single website that condenses academic, health and wellness, tech, and financial aid resources all in one place, I hope to present this mock website to student government so that more efforts can be made to streamline the communication of resources to the student body. The website is supposed to be simple, user-friendly, and Pitt-themed.

The purpose of the website is to present a drafted student resource directory to student government with the goal of gaining feedback from more students first before presenting this website to administration. A fully flushed-out comprehensive, student resource directory will take a lot of time to make. This will include staff, tech experts, web developers, students, etc. and will take much more time beyond this class. Thus, this website is meant to propose a vision and direction, which will be developed further by students and then presented to administration who can help us make the website a reality. The audience of this website for now is other members of student government, but it is supposed to be used by students and we will also be seeking feedback from administration in the future. Regarding context, hopefully, a comprehensive resource directory can be distributed to all Pitt students through the help of faculty and staff. Eventually, an ambitious goal would be for this to become an actual Pitt website.

In terms of how all this affected my design choices, I wanted this website to stay simple, straightforward, and user-friendly. Because of this, the home page does not have much text. It simply states what the website is, what it intends to do, and has multiple buttons that users can press to lead to different Pitt websites depending on the category of resources they are seeking. I also made the buttons span a highlighted background color when you hover over it to increase both accessibility and visual appeal. If you look at the navigation bar, a yellow line appears under the text depending on where you hover. This also adds to the user experience and visuals. Many visuals incorporate the Pitt blue and gold colors to convey how this website is meant to be used by Pitt students.

In the About Us page, there are pictures of representatives of student government who either directly contributed to the website's design or helped inform what resources to include in the directory. A brief statement about what we are and why we are doing this is included, but I wanted this to be brief and to the point. The Contact Us page includes a form for students to give feedback regarding the website, as this will be collected and incorporated into the website design and content. Although the website does not have many features for now, that is both intentional and part of the larger process of developing a mock website. It's supposed to be easy to use and accessible, which is why the content is not cluttered and there aren't many pages. However, the website will grow and become more organized through student feedback and development after this semester with the end goal of presenting this to administration.
